Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[screeching]
[cell phone rings]
[ring ring]
It's not the time
to start playing it safe.
Son, you have to drop.
That's playing to lose.
- You gotta listen to me.
- I been listening to you my whole life.
You gotta put some pressure on.
[ring]
[MAN]: How can a game...
have such an effect on man's soul?
The way I see it,
how can it not?
You don't choose the game.
It chooses you.
And when it does,
life and golf become forever connected.
That's how it was for a young man
named Luke Chisolm.
You've got to be kidding me.
[moo]
[groans, sighs]
[bull bellows]
[ANNOUNCER]: Once you make
one mistake out of the water there,
you just continue to make the same
mistake over and over again.
[mutters angrily]
[horse whinnies]
Are you hurt, son?
Uh... [clears throat]
I'll get over it.
Yeah.
You the guy I saw putting
the flagstick in the field?
Yeah, and you the guy that...
crashed through my fence?
Here. Let me help you.
Johnny Crawford's the name.
- Luke Chisolm.
- Yeah.
Yeah, let me see that.
Yeah, look...
Put a little pressure on there.
It'll stop the bleeding.
- All right.
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
- I need to get you to my...
truck to get you
some medical attention, alright?
So let's get these clubs up here.
You feel all right?
You're not dizzy?
No, I'll be all right.
[mutters]
You're a hell of a driver.
373 people?
375.
Megan Monroe had twins last week.
Yeah. Haven't taken the sign down yet.
The evening service...
[bell chimes]
is just letting out.
- [WOMAN]: Hey, Johnny.
- Hey, how you doing?
I went this morning,
in case you was wondering.
[country-western music plays]
- Order up.
- Let me guess.
- Same as usual.
- You got it.
- All right, you all done there, darlin'?
- Divine.
How y'all doing here?
Some more coffee?
[WOMAN AT TABLE]:
What's wrong with him asking her out?
Oh, Sarah, I could use
some more coffee.
Excuse me.
How you boys doing here?
You gonna save a dance
for me tonight?
I'll think about it.
[man laughs]
She's just playing hard to get.
Of course she is.
[bell jingles]
[jingling]
Mama, it's Uncle Johnny.
[JOHNNY]: Hi, everybody.
This here's Luke.
He's had a small accident, but, uh...
Do we have that aid kit back there?
I'll get it, Mom.
[MOTHER]: Johnny, what in the world
happened to this poor boy?
Don't worry. He's gonna live.
Mercy. Looks like
you've been hit by a truck.
More like a cow.
You hit a cow?
[men laugh]
No, I missed the cow,
but I did manage
to run through the fence.
- [laughter]
- [MAN]: City boy can't drive.
Do you need a doctor?
No, ma'am.
I need a mechanic.
[chuckles]
Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
We need some strong hands
to get the car over to Brody's shop.
Jake, be a dear and help Johnny.
What about my burger?
The poor man's car just got wrecked,
and you're worrying about a burger?
Where are your manners?
[JOHNNY]: Come on, Jake.
Let's go. Let's go.
Jake, come on.
[SEATED MAN]: Have fun.
Come on, Smiley. You, too.
Work some of that off.
- Yes, sir.
- Come on.
- Come on, Chuck.
[JOHNNY]: Let's go.
- Sarah?
- Hmm?
Drive Luke to the inn.
I'd be much... much obliged.
Thank you.
Sure.
There you go.
Just let me know
whenever you're ready.
Oh.
Mom, we'll be right back.
- Thank you, ma'am.
- [MOTHER]: Drive careful.
[WOMAN]: ¶ Are you right?
Will this end in tears? ¶
[SARAH]: Where you from?
[LUKE]: Waco.
But I've been on the road
these past couple of years.
Yeah? Me, too.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
What for, school?
I'm training to be a horse whisperer.
I always thought horse whispering
was only in the movies.
But it's for real, huh?
Yep.
Well, good luck with that.
Thank you.
So where you taking me, anyway?
Oh, we're just going to the River Inn.
That's Uncle Johnny's place.
Are you two related?
No, he's just a close family friend,
but I've always known him
as Uncle Johnny.
Here we are.
Well, thanks for the ride.
Right. Oh, you have to get that
from the outside.
¶ Feeling it all as the wind blows ¶
¶ Feeling it all as the time goes ¶
¶ Do you feel my eyes
right there on you? ¶
[knocking]
Hello?
Don't you even think about
coming in here with those.
You must be the one
who ran off the road.
What'd you do,
fall asleep at the wheel?
Well, come on.
I don't have all day to check you in.
Let's go.
And close that door behind you.
You're not bad looking.
Blind as a bat, maybe.
You married? The neighbor girl's
looking for a husband.
No, ma'am. I'm not married.
Okay, now don't lose this key.
It opens the front door, too,
so you don't bother me
when you drag in late.
Yes, ma'am.
There's extra towels
in the cupboard there,
but it's okay to use
the same one twice.
Breakfast is at 8:00.
Don't be late.
[click]
[peaceful music, dog barking]
[click, upbeat music]
Hi there. Thanks for teeing it up
with us here on Golf Central.
I'm Todd Lewis,
sitting beside Frank Nobilo,
and, Frank, we begin with
that unbelievable story
happening at the Callaway
San Antonio Open.
Well, that's right, Todd.
Luke Chisolm is a name that we've
all had on our radar screens
ever since he won the Texas State
Amateur Championship.
Folks, if you have not seen
this highlight before,
sit back and enjoy.
It's something you will not forget.
The winner of this tournament
earns an exemption...
into the Valero Texas Open
just a few weeks from now.
Luke Chisolm had a one-shot lead
on the final hole over Joe Buckner,
Father Martin on the bag,
and look who shows up
on the tee:
The number one player
on the planet...
and the tournament's lead sponsor,
T.K. Oh.
What an intimidating presence.
Well, that's enough
to rattle anybody's cage,
and in this situation, Luke Chisolm,
he just blocks his tee shot way right.
His dad Martin wanted him...
Three-iron.
Whoa.
It's not the time
to start playing it safe.
Yeah, but if I make par,
he's gotta make birdie to tie me.
You're playing not to lose
instead of playing to win.
Here.
Remember who won
the Masters last year?
Well, that guy over there.
Yeah, that guy over there.
T.K. Oh, got his fourth green jacket.
Remember who come in second?
Nobody remembers
the runner-up, Luke.
You can get on the green in two
if you hit it with the big stick.
[crowd moans]
That one hurt.
You wanna hit a few?
Your hand up to it?
[CROWD]: Ooh... ooh.
[MAN IN CROWD]:
Come on, Luke.
Right into trouble.
Thread the needle with a 3-iron.
You bump and run it up on the green.
I think I should just punch out
right here.
You got to put some pressure on.
Hit the 3.
Hit the 3, huh?
Hey, Mama, there's an Easter egg
hunt at the church tomorrow.
Sounds like fun.
Can we go, Dad?
You got some practicing to do tomorrow.
Martin, it's Easter Sunday.
Sundays are reserved for golf.
Son, you have to drop.
That's playing to lose.
You gotta listen to me.
I've been listening to you
my whole life
and this is where it's got me.
All right.
Where you gonna put it?
I hope he brought a snorkel.
All right.
Let's see what you got.
You gotta pull yourself
together here, son.
Am I embarrassing you?
You hooked it.
You gotta watch your right hand.
There you go.
Let it release.
Come on, now.
Let's get something started here.
Don't flip it.
Come on, now.
Come on.
One more good one.
[MAN IN CROWD]: In the hole!
[CROWD]: Oh!
Give me another one.
Well now, you're playing not to lose
instead of playing to win.
Nobody remembers
the runner-up, Luke.
- God!
- You gotta put some pressure on him.
Hit the 3.
[TODD LEWIS]:
He snaps his putter, flings the shaft,
and then the sad shot here,
his father Martin, walking away
from son on the final hole.
Oh, my goodness. He ends up
shooting an 80 on the day.
We're gonna look at the one that started
what I believe was the meltdown...
when he hit it into the hazard
and going forth from there, Frank.
What was going through his mind?
[FRANK NOBILO]:
Well, I think he was still smarting,
Todd with the decision
he made off the tee,
whether to hit driver or 3-wood.
That's obviously still
in the back of his mind.
And once you've made
one mistake out of the water...
I had a feeling there was more
going on than meets the eye.
Wow. He chilled good.
[NOBILO]:... what could I have done
differently instead.
Just hitting never
gets you out of trouble.
[LEWIS]: The problem is,
his ball remains...
What do I got to do to get
some food around here,
kill a cow myself?
[NOBILO]: So really, this is farcical.
You've got no chance...
Wow.
That's no greenskeeper.
"PGA of America Half Century Club".
[door creaks open]
Hey, Luke,
I was hoping you'd be here.
You can tote these.
Well, close your mouth, sugar.
Let's go.
Well, where we going?
[upbeat country music playing]
Hey, you're looking a whole lot better.
I'm feeling better.
You're in good hands with Mabel.
Well, I'll tell you what.
I'll feed you right,
but it's my brother Johnny
that you're gonna get the most from
if you pay attention.
Now where is my dance partner?
Sarah? Sarah?
Maybe you could just
introduce Luke around.
Oh, sure.
Hey, you feeling any better?
Oh, yeah. It's amazing what a shower
and some clean clothes will do.
You good with this, Duane?
Yeah, go on.
Am I ever gonna get to see you
whisper to a horse?
Well, I don't do that just
in front of anybody, you know.
What about dancing?
You do that in front of anyone?
Hey, lookee here. It's Tour boy.
Jake Rustin, this is Luke Chisolm.
Yeah, we had the pleasure
earlier today at the diner.
Yeah, that was right before
I helped drag your car
out of a cow patty.
Wasn't too happy about it
at the time.
Then me and Sarah saw you
on TV, remember?
Hey, you're a regular celebrity.
Not every day I get to help out
a record holder.
Hey, Jake, be quiet.
Well, I had quite the meltdown.
Oh, yeah. I especially
liked that mud bath.
The Golf Channel,
they don't miss a thing.
Jake.
It's okay.
Just let him talk.
I'm sure he could
have done a lot better.
You play golf?
I could hold my own.
Yeah? On what course?
The kind with windmills, volcanoes...
- Come on, guys.
- pirates?
All right, can we be social?
Let's play nice.
I never shot a 16
on one hole before.
Yeah, well, it was a 14.
Sarah, it was a pleasure.
You wanna dance?
¶ Leave it all behind ¶
I didn't see where it went.
You hooked it.
You gotta watch your right hand.
Let it release.
Don't flip it.
Dad, it's getting dark.
Well, I can see just fine.
Come on, now. Let's finish
what we started here.
[sighs]
One more good one.
Come on, now.
[thunder rumbles]
[JOHNNY]: There you are.
Hey.
Tough day, eh?
Yeah. Heh, I've had better.
Yeah, well...
I saw you on TV.
I got to say
it was painful to watch.
Try living it.
Believe it or not, I have.
I believe it.
I snooped around
in your study.
Yeah?
Well, I chased the Tour for a while.
Had my ups and downs.
You want an observation?
You were playing from back here, see?
Tournament golf has to be
played in front of you
where the target is.
That's a new one.
You have the mechanics.
You just don't know what it means
to play the game in front of the ball.
Well, I'm debating on picking up
a club ever again.
Well, I have a proposition for you.
Spend seven days with me in Utopia,
you'll find your game.
Seven days? I don't know.
Well, it'll take you that long
to get your car fixed, you know?
So think about it, all right?
I'll be at the driving range 9 am.
tomorrow morning.
Sarah.
Hey, Johnny.
[SARAH]: I thought
you could use some company.
Gonna be fireworks soon.
All right.
I also wanted to apologize...
for Jake.
His dad basically
disowned him...
after he chose the rodeo
over the family business.
But he's got a warm heart,
that's for sure.
I see.
[clears throat]
You two together?
No. Everyone expects us to be, but...
I don't know, especially Jake.
[laughs] So...
well, what about you?
Me.
Mom and I lost my dad to cancer
two years ago,
so I suppose I'm just...
taking each day as they come.
I'm sorry.
"I suppose" means God works
in mysterious ways.
Well, Johnny says he can
help me with my game.
Think I should take him up
on his offer?
[fireworks explode]
Well, I think...
I think some time here
might do you good.
[fireworks whistle and explode]
"Donations appreciated.
God bless".
Nice.
[golf ball bouncing]
[horse snuffles]
You got game, son.
You could have told me
you owned this place.
Well, you could have told me
what really happened to your putter.
What made you want to build
a golf course out here?
Well, originally I moved here
to get away from the game,
but easier said than done, I guess.
So you quit the Tour?
Well, the game just wasn't
a good fit for me anymore. Yeah.
Okay, listen, let's...
let's get started.
I want to see you hit some,
all right?
I want to see you swing.
- Yeah, these are a litle better.
- Yep.
Why do you grip the club that way?
Well, I don't know.
Just feels good.
Well, that's the wrong answer.
Now, let start from scratch, all right?
I need to know why you do
the things you do.
Like the foundation for your swing,
from the grip to the follow-through.
Now go think about it and write it down.
The first step in finding a good game
is to find some conviction.
You got that?
Think about it.
How'd I end up here?
[goat bleats]
Unbelievable.
[cheering crowd]
[projector running]
The toughest challenge you'll face
isn't the golf course
or even your competitor's score.
It's that casual comment
offered by someone, anyone,
about how you should be doing it.
If you don't have conviction
about where your foundation is,
that off-handed comment
will take you out of your game
and erode your confidence.
Now, you got that?
Yes, sir.
That's Ben Hogan.
Yeah.
The one and only.
Place the club in my left hand
with my thumb down the shaft.
Place my right hand over my left thumb,
my lifeline.
That helps me cock my wrist
in my backswing.
That's good.
[exhales] And do it with ease.
[LUKE]:
You're not from here, are you?
Well, not exactly.
I've lived in a lot of places.
Been around here and there
with the military.
No, I'm not from here.
How'd you end up in Utopia?
[chuckles]
You ask a lot of questions,
young fella.
You really do.
I burned all my bridges.
There was no place to turn but here.
A Tour player like you,
the players you played with,
why here?
I'll tell you.
Paul Hawkins was a student of mine
way back when.
That's Sarah's dad.
He was a good man...
a great man.
He let me stay with them
while I...
got my act together.
Been here ever since.
Did you get in some kind of trouble?
[Johnny sighs]
It's getting late.
I'm gonna see you tomorrow
down by the river.
Daybreak, all right?
What does the river
have to do with golf?
You'll see.
You will see.
[JOHNNY]:
Rhythm, balance, patience.
That's what you need
to stay in your game.
The same with fly fishing.
[fishing line whoosh]
It takes a calm mindset...
a focus on the feel,
rather than the outcome.
It takes emotional control.
[splashing]
Hey?
All right.
[JOHNNY]: All right.
[coughs]
Now, tell me.
What was his downfall?
Well, he...
he took the bait.
Yeah, but why?
What made him fall into that trap?
I'm not sure.
'Cause he was hungry?
No, he was mad.
I teased him with a shadow casting,
never quite letting the fly
touch the water,
so I was able to take that fish
out of his game today.
Now, you ready to give it a try?
All right, remember.
To stay in balance in the skiff
or during your golf swing,
you have to control your emotions.
Okay?
Uh-huh.
[splashing]
[exhales]
Breathe, Luke.
Rhythm, balance, and patience.
[whoosh, line releases]
Johnny, I got one.
[JOHNNY]: Now catch it.
Keep the tip up.
Take it as it comes.
All right?
Easy. Easy.
Oh!
Never fails.
[laughs]
Got him, Johnny.
Hey-hey-hey! Good job, son.
Whoo!
How come you always seem
to do things the hard way?
[Luke laughs]
- Good.
- Hey!
[door opens]
[JOHNNY]: Come here.
I want to show you something.
30 years ago, this man
named Jack Nicklaus...
took me out of my game.
You know how?
By staying in his game.
The calmer he was,
the madder I got.
And I tried shots
I wouldn't ordinarily take.
Now, this look familiar?
A little hiccup on 18.
Well, at least you got beat
by the golden bear.
Yeah, and so would you have.
Ha ha ha.
Now tomorrow we actually meet
at the course.
Fifth fairway.
8 A.M.
[rooster crows]
I'm sorry.
It's not good to be late in life, son.
Time is too precious to waste.
I said I was sorry.
If this was a tournament,
you'd be disqualified.
Now, you wanna play
like a professional,
you have to act like one, all right?
Now take a seat.
Take a seat.
Today...
we're gonna paint. All right?
Paint?
All right.
All golf shots start with a blank canvas.
We paint the shot with our eyes first...
so our bodies can reproduce it accurately.
Now...
what kind of shot
could you make from here?
- Well, I think...
- No, no, no. Don't think.
See.
Okay.
I see a low punch eight iron.
Playing the ball back in my stance
with a slightly hooded clubface.
I can see the ball flying
about 30 yards...
with some hook-spin,
landing on the upslope of that hill,
bouncing up and going in the cup.
Okay. Now go paint it.
- Morning.
- Just paying a visit to Paul.
- Yeah.
So hard. Mmm...
Hey, Mama, you gonna be all right?
Just give me a minute?
- Right, honey. You go have fun.
- Take care.
Can't believe it's been two years.
Yeah.
I miss Paul most every day.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Whoa-ho-ho.
Yeah. Whoa-ho-ho.
- [laughing through tears]
- Ohh. Ah.
- Hi.
- Hey.
[LUKE]: You look nice.
Well, thank you.
So your Uncle Johnny,
he's a real piece of work today.
Yeah, well, it's actually kind of
a rough day for all of us.
It's the second anniversary
of Dad's passing.
- Oh.
- It's okay.
Is there anything I can do?
Well, I was gonna ask you...
My father and I used to go up
to Obra Maestra on his birthday.
I was thinking
of going out there later today,
and I could really use the company.
It'd be an honor.
Okay.
I see Uncle Johnny's
got you painting already.
Yeah, he does.
I wasn't expecting that.
[Sarah laughs]
[trophy thuds on shelf]
Looks like we're gonna have
to add another shelf.
Maybe one day there'll be
Tour trophies on that shelf.
Ain't no maybes in this world, Luke.
You understand?
Yes, Dad.
Good.
Now rephrase what you just said to me.
Well, one day there will be
Tour trophies on this shelf.
[slaps Luke's shoulder]
I'm counting on it, son.
I'm proud of you.
[horse approaches, snuffling]
You ready, cowboy?
[chuckles]
Obra maestra means
masterpiece in Spanish.
I can see why.
Sure is beautiful.
Might even go as far as call it Utopia.
Yeah. I suppose you might.
You ever think of living somewhere else?
Well, everything I need's right here.
I'm free to be myself.
Free to do the things I was born to do.
What is that?
Bring freedom to horses.
[laughs to herself] And, uh,
the occasional stranger.
[JAKE]: Come on.
[horse whinnies]
Hyah, hyah! Move!
[Jake's horse whinnies]
Jake.
- [horses' whinnies increase]
- Jake, you're coming too close.
You're gonna scare the horses.
Come on! Come on!
Whoa.
What are you doing out here with him?
I'm taking a ride.
I didn't know
I needed your permission.
So, Tour boy,
choke on anything lately?
Yeah, well, at least I got a sport
to choke on.
And what do y'all play out here,
mutton busting?
You know what us Tour boys say
about hicks and sheep, don't you?
That's real funny.
I don't know who you think...
- you're talking to.
- Boys.
Hey, quit it!
Now, you're acting
like a couple of children.
Jake! Chuck, get him off!
You heard the lady.
Get off me!
Now, how about you two hotheads
settle this over a friendly little game
of cowboy poker after the rodeo tonight?
[horse whinnies]
[MAN]: Whoo!
[ANNOUNCER]:
Ladies and gentlemen,
this is the final event of the evening.
Hold onto your seats.
It's time for cowboy poker.
Introducing our players:
Duane "Slim" Pickens and Chuck Baer
as the usual suspects.
Four-time Utopia Rodeo champion
Jake Rustin.
And our final player, he's a first-timer,
so let's give a warm Utopia welcome
for professional golfer Luke Chisolm.
All right, boys, deal the cards
and let's get this party started.
Time to put up or shut up.
All right.
What are we playing?
Texas Hold 'em.
Oh, yeah, but there's a catch.
You got to hold on to your chair.
Why?
You'll see.
The last man still in their seat
in the end wins 200 bucks!
[cowbell clangs]
[ANNOUNCER]: Watch out.
He's got his sights set...
on the usual suspects.
[bull bellows]
Chuck's all in.
[MAN]: Go get him, Cannonball.
[ANNOUNCER]: Who's Cannonball
gonna go for next?
[MAN]: Watch out, Slim!
Keep your butt in the chair.
Aa-aa-ahh! Whah!
[JAKE]: It's you and me.
Let's see what you got.
Boys.
[MAN]: Atta boy, Jake!
Whoa!
[ANNOUNCER]:
And the winner is the rookie!
Dang it!
Yeah!
[cheers and applause]
Proud of you, son.
Hey, Luke, Luke,
what's next for you?
Is it time to go pro?
Um...
Well, this hasn't even sunk in yet,
so I'm just gonna try to enjoy
this feeling and, uh...
He's a humble kid.
Uh, what he means to say is yes.
He will be turning pro.
Of course he'll be turning pro,
and we'll begin to look for
a sponsor's exemption immediately.
[MAN]: Whoo! All right!
- Yeah!
- Good going, Luke!
[laughing]
[still laughing]
I'm sorry.
Yeah, I know. Laugh it up.
Hey, speaking of manure,
where'd the rhinestone cowboy go?
I was ready to gloat.
[laughs] Well, Jake went off in a huff.
He doesn't like to lose.
Well, that makes two of us.
Hm.. Well, there's more to life
than winning, right?
Like what?
Family. Friendship.
Faith. Love.
Oh, yeah.
I guess those, too.
All right, Johnny's got
the horses hitched up.
It's time to go.
You know, cowboy?
Sometimes I think you might
just be hopeless.
Hey, Luke.
Get in here, smelly.
Come on in here.
I hung up your masterpiece.
You forgot to sign it.
[Johnny laughs]
What's this?
Oh, that?
Oh, that bottle's my greatest trophy.
No, let me explain.
It's the last liquor I ever drank.
Doesn't it tempt you?
No, just the opposite.
Makes me remember
all the things I lost
because, uh, I drank too much.
That's why I put it there.
Is that why you quit the Tour?
Well, more or less, yes.
More or less, yeah.
[exhales]
Pretty hard to drink and drive, eh?
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Well, I'm sorry about this morning,
being late and all.
No, no, I'm not. I am not.
Learn how to paint your shot,
you learn how to be on time.
A professional golfer does both.
Now, sign your masterpiece,
Picasso.
[LUKE]:
Where we headed, anyway?
[JOHNNY]:
Gonna work on your putting.
Well, the golf course
is back that way.
Uh-huh. Yeah, it is.
I thought you said we was
gonna work on some putting.
That's right. That's right.
We are.
Come on.
I hope you brought some of your
winnings from last night.
[playing slow country blues]
Well played, gentlemen.
Well played.
Hear, hear.
Keep practicing.
Well, look who he dragged
in here with him.
You a little stiff this morning?
Still sore I beat you last night.
You better watch it.
[JOHNNY]: Enough of that, Jake,
knock it off.
Hey, Jake, come on, come on.
Get the washers, all right?
Let's get the game started here.
Come on.
Same old Jake. Come on.
Okay. Now, the rules are simple.
The man who's up pitches
from behind the marker of his choice.
Yeah, but I don't see
what this has to do with golf.
You just watch. Just watch.
Just watch. See?
Ooh! You owe me five bucks, boys.
You ready to give it a try?
Yeah, sure.
Come on.
Don't make me look bad, now.
All right, it's on, boys.
There's not a chance
he'll make this.
You gonna put your money
where your mouth is?
- Ooh.
- You're on.
It's a bet, Jake.
Ho-ho!
- Beginner's luck.
- Whoo!
Here. Let's see you do that again.
All right. All right.
[MAN]: ¶ Everybody ¶
¶ Needs a woman's love, now ¶
[clank]
- Yes!
I like this game.
[upbeat music]
Crazy, cowboy.
Hey, knock it in, man.
Oh!
¶ I'm gonna move ¶
¶ I got to work it on out ¶
He's better than you!
¶ Early in the mornin' ¶
¶ I play a few more now ¶
¶ Well, bend it on out ¶
Whoo!
Yeah! Yeah!
Come on.
- Come on.
- Whoo-hoo!
Let's go.
Ooh.
- We're even.
Come on, Slim!
¶ I like it like that ¶
- Oh, come on!
¶ Everybody ¶
- That's the one! Play it.
¶ Needs somebody ¶
Yeah!
¶ Everybody ¶
- Ohh-ho.
- I'm impressed.
¶ Needs a little love now ¶
¶ Oh, mercy ¶
Make me proud, son.
You make me proud.
Watch his form.
Right off the fingers.
I'm the rodeo king!
You know what I love
about the cowboy way?
Everything! Hey!
Whoo!
Okay, boys. Let's go. Let's go.
We're going to the links now.
We're gonna do some putting.
Let's go.
Come on.
[boys chatter and laugh]
Pitching washers...
give me an idea
for a putting technique.
You're kidding, right?
No, no, sir.
I have a respect for tradition,
but I have a passion
for the truth, okay?
Now, here.
- Jake?
- Yes, sir.
Use the face-on putter.
You use the traditional one.
5 to 1 on Jake.
Quiet in the peanut gallery here.
Come on, Jake. Help me out.
Get in the hole.
Get in the hole!
Yes!
Oh-ho-ho-ho!
- Here you go, Tour boy.
- It's gonna be a good day for me.
Good. Good.
You try.
Come on, rookie.
Make me some money.
[BOTH]: Oh!
Ooh. Aah...
This is fun.
Miss it. Miss it.
No, no, no.
Yes!
[laughs]
I'm impressed.
You ready to give this one a try?
- Sure.
- Here you go.
When in Utopia, right?
[DUANE]: Come on.
Let's go.
More drinks for me tonight.
[CHUCK]: Ain't no way.
Come on, now.
- This look right?
- Yeah.
No way. No way.
No way. No...
oh, yeah!
All right, let me ask you something.
Would you or could you
use this in competition?
I'd probably get laughed off the course,
but it definitely works.
Yeah. No, you keep it.
'Cause when the time comes,
you'll know when to use it.
Okay.
[LUKE]: You have any kids?
No, sir.
That's one of my biggest regrets.
I saw your wedding photo.
Oh, you snooping around again, are you?
You snooping?
You're a super snooper.
[laughs]
- I'm sorry.
- You're a real snooper.
Well, that's a cool study room.
Pictures of all those legends.
No. Annie, my Annie,
couldn't have kids.
She used to joke that she didn't
need any 'cause she had me.
Yeah.
Well, if you don't mind me asking,
what happened?
Well, she's...
she's gone on.
Couldn't put up with my drinking anymore.
Can't say I blame her.
Sorry to hear that.
Yeah, well...
gone but not forgotten.
Yeah.
As they say...
[sighs] all part of God's plan.
Yeah, I suppose.
Good night.
Night.
See you in the morning.
You bet.
[LUKE]: Let me guess.
This is where you drop me off
in the middle of nowhere...
and expect me to get back home
with the clothes on my back...
and two golf tees in my pocket.
That'd be way too easy.
- Wow.
- That's it.
- Is this yours?
- Yes, she is.
Yeah.
Um...
You're not planning on...
going up in this thing,
though, are you?
Well, why not?
I mean, flying's a lot like golf.
Shooo. Eh? Ah?
No. You said fly fishing
was a lot like golf.
- Did I say that?
- Yeah.
All right, maybe I did.
You ready?
- No way.
- Why?
I'm keeping my feet
on the ground today.
Oh, yeah?
- [LUKE]: Whoa. I don't know about this.
- [Johnny]. Let's turn back.
[JOHNNY]: Your feet control direction
with the rudder.
- The stick controls the wings and pitch.
- Okay.
Now, to turn, you press one foot
and turn the wheel in that direction.
[LUKE]:
Turn the wheel in the direction.
- And to go up or down, push or pull.
- Push or pull, yeah.
- Got it?
- Okay.
[LUKE]: Whoa, whoa, whoa.
No hands, see? Like this.
You're doing good.
[LUKE]: All right. I'm getting it now.
I'm getting it. I think I'm getting it.
[JOHNNY]: It's like riding a horse.
Keep her steady.
- [beeping]
- Uh-oh. Ooh-ooh-ooh...
What's...
Wait, wait, wait.
What just happened?
What... Johnny?
- Hold on. Hold on.
- What happened?
[JOHNNY]: We have an emergency.
We have an emergency.
- [LUKE]: Whoa!
- Put the plane down.
Johnny, you take it. Take it.
You take control of this aircraft, son.
All right?
I don't know what to do.
Keep the nose down and
level the wings. All right?
- Okay.
- All right.
[JOHNNY]: That's good. Good.
- All right. You're all right.
- How's that?
- All right, now go...
- We should try to go back, shouldn't we?
No, we can't get back.
We have to find a place around here.
Come on. Come on.
There's a...
there's a wheat field.
All right. Good.
You're doing great, son.
Keep your wits about you, okay?
Level your wings.
You got 500 feet to go.
How about that?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're doing great.
Steady. Steady.
Steady. Bring it in.
Bring it in. Steady.
- Wings level. Keep the wings level.
- Okay.
Leveling my wings.
Is this good? We good?
Great. You're doing great.
Leveling. Leveling.
Bring it in. Bring it in.
Well, coming in, coming in. Wait.
[thud]
What... what happened here?
- Goodness me.
- What?
[chuckles]
The engine was turned off.
Did you turn the engine off?
[LUKE]: The engine turned off?
Is this your idea of a sick joke?
[Johnny laughing]
Why are you laughing?
[laughing]
Confidence comes
with being prepared, my son.
As in golf or life, hand in hand.
[laughs]
I'm about to throw up over here.
You can't play in a tournament
unless you're ready for the unexpected
on game day.
[MABEL]: It smells delicious.
[SARAH]:
Mabel's trout's famous around here.
More famous than her pies?
Couldn't be more famous.
As famous, maybe.
But more famous? [laughs]
For food in a world
where many walk in hunger,
for faith in a world
where many walk in fear,
for friends in a world
where many walk alone,
we give you thanks,
O Lord. Amen.
Amen.
- Amen.
He definitely puts the game first.
Reminds me of someone else
I used to know.
That he does.
Hopefully he finds his way
quicker than me.
- Hey there, stranger.
- Hey.
So, uh, when's the last time
you caught a firefly?
Well, I don't know.
Since I was a little kid.
Well, that's too long.
Come on.
She has Paul's gift.
She always was a daddy's girl.
It's okay. It's okay.
- Hey, Sarah.
- What?
These ones in here
quit making light.
Well, that's 'cause they know
they're trapped.
It makes their lights go out.
Watch this.
Freedom's a powerful force.
Not yet.
I'm sorry.
No, I...
It doesn't mean never.
It's gonna...
It's gonna rain.
Ready for today's lesson?
I can only imagine what you got
in store for me today.
Today we play golf.
Good. What should I hit, a driver?
No, no, no, no.
Today we visit the history of the game
and its future.
You're gonna be playing
with hickory sticks
and a face-on putter.
Ooh.
Not bad.
Perfect.
S F T.
One for you.
See it. Feel it. Trust it.
Little butter cut over that left tree.
How far?
About 310.
210.
[thunder]
What's the course record?
Well, you ever shot a 59?
You keep playing this way,
you just might.
Weather permitting, of course.
[thunder]
- Boom.
- Yes, sir.
Not sure we can get this round in.
There ain't nothing stopping me.
I'm seeing it, feeling it,
and trusting it.
[thunder]
It's time to wrap it up, son.
It's not the time
to start playing it safe.
We got one more hole.
No, no, no.
59 doesn't matter, Luke.
Well, it matters to me.
That's not the lesson.
That was never the lesson.
You spent the whole week
teaching me how to play
the best golf of my life.
Now I'm playing it.
All right. Well, you don't have to
prove anything to me, Luke,
because I'm not your father.
You don't know anything about
my dad, so back off!
No! you can't spend your life
trying to validate yourself
with a golf score.
Well, how would you know?
It looks to me like
you quit on your dream,
living out here
on this godforsaken goat ranch.
And this is your dream today?
This? This is your dream?
[thunder]
[JOHNNY]:
You can lead a horse to water,
but you can't make him drink!
[thunder]
[rain falling heavily]
[Johnny sighs]
Whoo.
[exhales]
I'm sorry, Johnny.
I forgive you, son.
Whose grave you digging?
You'll soon see.
What's yours gonna say?
Mine?
Yeah, your epitaph, your headstone.
What do you want people
to say about you
when you're gone, huh?
[sighs]
Maybe it'll say you shot a...
a 59.
[chuckles]
Huh?
I never thought of it like that.
Maybe we'll just leave it blank for now.
No. I mean...
I'd want it to say...
something.
It will. It will.
But I don't think
that your coming here...
was an accident.
But only you can decide what to do
from here on out,
'cause, I mean,
there's nothing more
I can teach you, son.
Whoo.
Thank you, Johnny.
No, don't thank me.
Thank Him.
'Cause God is all around us.
Inside of each of us,
if you listen...
there's a still, small voice of truth
leading us...
talking to us...
and telling you
that you...
can see God's face...
feel his presence...
trust his love.
Yeah.
S F T.
Huh?
Whoo.
S F T.
God bless you.
Happy Easter.
[exhales]
[JOHNNY]:
Luke, inside this box...
is a pencil and two pieces of paper.
One is for writing down
all the truths you've learned...
during your time here in Utopia.
The truth that life is about
faith, relationships,
character, and integrity.
That God has a purpose
and calling for you...
that is much deeper...
than a little white ball
falling into the cup.
These truths will become
your new heartbeat,
the foundation of your new life.
The other piece of paper is
for writing down all the lies...
you've been told during your life.
Lies like your golf score...
being a reflection of your true identity
and self-worth,
or that failure in golf
is failure in life.
Take the truths with you,
but bury the lies
right here, right now.
Once you have buried your lies,
chisel your living epitaph.
[MAN]: ¶ Today I found myself ¶
¶ After searching all these years ¶
¶ And the man that I saw ¶
¶ He wasn't at all
who I thought he'd be ¶
¶ I was lost when you found me here ¶
¶ I was broken beyond repair ¶
¶ Then you came along ¶
- Yeah!
¶ And you sang your song ¶
¶ Over me ¶
¶ It feels like I'm born again ¶
¶ It feels like I'm living ¶
¶ For the very first time ¶
¶ I'm living for the first time ¶
¶ It feels like I'm born again ¶
¶ It feels like I'm living ¶
¶ For the very first time ¶
¶ It feels like I'm breathing ¶
¶ It feels like I'm moving ¶
¶ For the very first time ¶
¶ In my life ¶
[knock knock]
[Luke clears throat]
All ready to go, are we?
Yeah, I think so.
Don't think.
See, feel, trust.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Now, before you leave,
I have something for you.
I have something here.
Well, you've given me more
than I can repay, sir.
Well, gifts aren't meant to be repaid.
They're meant to be passed along.
Look at this.
That was my last tournament.
You notice anything? Huh?
Well, you're not
on the leaderboard.
Well, yeah, that, but no.
Look again. Look again.
Look.
- Oh, it's the Texas Open.
- Right.
That's this weekend.
Yeah. The tournament's main sponsor
is an old friend.
He says as a personal favor
he'll offer you one
of his free exemptions.
All right?
[slap on shoulder]
Huh?
Man.
[pats on back]
[exhales] Well, I don't...
I don't know what to say.
Well, I think, between you and me,
it's all about the ratings.
He's probably hoping
you have another meltdown,
and I'm hoping that
you can prove him wrong.
Yeah.
Well, you can count on it.
Oh, yeah.
Now, don't go running over
any of them cows,
because I don't want you
to ruin my pie.
Well, don't worry.
I can see a little better now.
Yeah, you can.
Okay. God bless you, son.
God bless you.
Aw, I'm gonna miss you.
I'm gonna miss y'all, too.
Thank you so much for everything.
You bet.
Got you a little gift.
Just keep the lid off it
and you can come visit
whenever you want.
Well...
till next time, then.
Next time.
You need any more putting lessons,
you just let me know.
Hey, Tour boy.
Well, if you need some lessons
on some cowboy poker, well...
you're just gonna have
to figure it out yourself.
[exhales] Johnny.
Yeah.
Thank you for everything.
No. I wanna thank you for everything.
I really do.
Yeah.
And, son, I do believe.
Okay?
Yes, sir.
God bless you.
- God bless you.
- Thank you.
[honk honk]
Let's get you something to eat.
Yes, Mom.
Hey, Bud.
I got you a, uh...
little present.
Callaway's latest and greatest.
[laughs hesitantly]
Thanks, Dad.
Luke, uh... [clears throat]
my actions last week...
were wrong.
I... I pushed you your whole life
to succeed at golf,
and I never once asked
if that's what you wanted.
I'm sorry for that.
Well, I forgive you.
I only want what's best for you.
I know.
I love you, Dad.
I love you, too, son.
Well...
[chuckles]
Ain't looked at mine in a while.
[clears throat]
Might be overdue.
Good night, son.
Welcome home.
Hey, Dad.
Yeah?
I almost forgot.
You wanna caddy for me this week
in the Texas Open?
[chuckles]
[begins to laugh]
[FEMALE SPORTSCASTER]:
Welcome, everyone,
to the pride of the Lone Star State,
the Valero Texas Open.
I'm Kelly Tilghman...
with PGA Tour winner
Brandel Chamblee.
A compelling story this week, Brandel,
is the sponsor invite, Luke Chisolm.
[BRANDEL]: How does one go
from oblivion to center stage?
This man knows, Kelly.
In his first PGA Tour event,
he has a chance for redemption.
[COURSE ANNOUNCER]:
Now on the first tee,
from Waco, Texas, Luke Chisolm.
[applause]
[cheers and applause]
[BRANDEL]: Round two and three
saw heated action atop the leaderboard.
Some of golf's biggest names
pining for the lead.
Rich Beem, Stewart Cink,
T.K. Oh, and Ricky Fowler.
[MAN]: Come on, T.K. Oh!
[KELLY]: This pressure-filled Sunday
at the Texas Open...
offers an abundance of characters.
Stewart Cink,
four-time Masters champ T.K. Oh,
and we have a local talent
with fresh wounds.
[BRANDEL]: The surprise performance
coming from Luke Chisolm,
just two weeks removed
from that complete meltdown...
at the Lone Star event in San Antonio.
And now, he finds himself chasing,
of all people, T.K. Oh,
atop the leaderboard.
And, Kelly, you really couldn't script it
any better than this.
No. No, you can't, Brandel.
We've seen Cinderella stories before,
but we've also seen what T.K. Oh
has done to those glass slippers.
He has crushed them.
[BRANDEL]: And we pick up with
Luke Chisolm now on the 10th tee.
Let's hit 3-wood.
Fairway's a little tight.
[KELLY]:
Chisolm playing it safe here...
with the 3-wood
on this very reachable par 5.
[crowd groans]
[MAN]: That's okay, Luke.
[BRANDEL]: And that shot will very likely
put some demons in his head.
It was a shot almost identical to that
that started his monumental blowup...
a few weeks ago.
Luke's gonna have to conquer
those demons...
if he wants to win,
and that is one of the toughest
things to do in golf.
Well, what you want to do, son?
Go back to the tee.
[MAN]: Head up, Luke.
Well, it's gonna be
one heck of a par, Dad.
Oh, you got it.
[BRANDEL]: Having taken
an unplayable lie on his first drive,
Chisolm is now back on the tee
hitting his third shot.
Looks like he's going
with the driver this time, Brandel.
And, Kelly, I don't know why he didn't
use the driver the first go-around.
He hasn't sniffed missing a tee shot
all week long
with that Callaway Octane driver.
[cheering]
Perfect!
Exactly as he has all week long.
See you in the clubhouse, boys.
Y'all play well.
[KELLY]: A par after taking an unplayable
could be a turning point for Chisolm.
This Sunday has given us
a great leaderboard.
Rich Beem
capable of a big charge,
question marks surrounding
Luke Chisolm,
and T.K. Oh
as intimidating as ever.
[KELLY]: But it looks like
we're winding down to just two.
A classic
David and Goliath story...
between Chisolm and T.K. Oh.
Chisolm from 12 feet...
and he sinks it!
Luke Chisolm just one back
of T.K. Oh.
[BRANDEL]: You know
he's licking his chops right here,
not only to make birdie,
but to put the pressure on T.K. Oh
to do the same and avoid a playoff.
Remember, T.K. Oh
eagled this hole yesterday.
And now Luke Chisolm
with his second shot...
to this par 4 on the 18th hole.
[crowd cheering]
[MAN IN CROWD]:
In the hole!
Yeah!
[cheers and applause]
[KELLY]: The pressure is really
on T.K. Oh now.
He has no choice
but to go for the green.
- Oh, yeah!
- Whoo! Looking good!
[KELLY]:
This one's looking good, Brandel.
It's on the green
with a chance at eagle.
[BRANDEL]: He makes it look easy,
doesn't he, Kelly?
[KELLY]: What an answer
by the steely veteran T.K. Oh,
who drove the green.
If he makes this eagle putt,
he wins.
[crowd groans]
[KELLY]:
And how's this for excitement?
T.K. Oh and Chisolm
are headed to a playoff,
both men tied at 16 under.
[BRANDEL]: And T.K. Oh
has the upper hand once again.
He's never been defeated in a playoff
on the PGA Tour,
and Luke Chisolm,
his first taste in extra holes.
[KELLY]: They're going back to the
18th tee, where anything can happen.
T.K. Oh and Luke Chisolm
are about to tee off...
on one of the greatest
risk/reward holes in all of golf.
And earlier, Brandel had a chance
to take a closer look...
at this tremendous finishing hole.
The finishing hole here is a great one.
A drivable par 4 of 355 yards
that plays downhill...
and gives the players a lot of choices.
But those choices come with risks.
The green is protected
by a tree and a bunker...
and a treacherous water hazard.
The green itself
is very narrow and fast,
with a lot of slope in it.
And a two-putt
from above the hole
is highly unlikely.
But one of the worst places
that a player could drive the ball
would be long and to the left,
in that area there,
because an up and down
would be almost impossible.
And his pitch shot
would most likely run off
the front of the green.
[WOMAN IN CROWD]:
Come on, T.K.
[KELLY]:
And there you have it, folks.
This hole provides the perfect stage
for the drama that's about to unfold.
[MAN IN CROWD]:
Come on, T.K., let's win this!
[no dialogue]
Well, no surprise here, folks.
T.K. Oh has taken driver out.
Obviously trying to make an eagle
and win this thing outright.
But in doing so,
he brings double bogey into play.
T.K. Oh lives for moments like this.
[KELLY]: And T.K. Oh is one
of perhaps just 10 players...
who can drive this green.
We saw him do it just moments ago
in regulation.
Oh, it sounds like he crushed that one.
[BRANDEL]:
Yeah, it's a good-looking swing.
Always in balance.
It took off on the right line.
But there's more wind now
than there was earlier.
He's getting more help,
and with his high ball flight,
carrying that creek
should not be a problem,
but holding this green will be.
[KELLY]: Oh, look at this.
This could be serious trouble.
That's the danger zone
Brandel was just describing.
[MAN IN CROWD]:
One more shot, T.K.!
[KELLY]: Luke Chisolm going with
the conservative play, iron off the tee.
[BRANDEL]: Yeah, no surprise there, Kelly.
He's stuck to that game plan all week,
and with only one exception
has he strayed from the fairway.
He's looking to put this ball...
in a spot where he gets
the right number,
gets a wedge in his hand,
and he can put the pressure
on T.K. Oh.
[applause]
[KELLY]: Luke seems relaxed.
Is this the same player
from two weeks ago?
[BRANDEL]:
No, it's not the same player.
He may have the same swing,
but a completely different outlook.
[LUKE]: What do we got?
- [MARTIN]: 75 yards...
- [LUKE]: Uh-huh.
- [MARTIN]: Just like in regulation.
- [LUKE]: Yeah.
- [MARTIN]: Lob wedge.
- [LUKE]: Thank you.
[BRANDEL]: This is the same shot
he had just a few moments ago,
however, the situation
is entirely different.
He knows that given T.K. Oh's lie,
he could win this tournament.
Whereas a few moments ago,
he was chasing.
[LUKE]: See it.
Feel it.
And trust it.
[cheers and applause]
[KELLY]: Not quite like
his hole out in regulation,
but under the circumstances,
a very solid shot.
[BRANDEL]: If T.K. Oh was looking for
a gift from an inexperienced Luke,
he didn't get it.
T.K. Oh a nearly impossible pitch.
He's looking at a tight flag,
the green is running away from him,
not to mention the water.
Anything short of hitting that flagstick
and he's probably going swimming.
[BRANDEL]:
Plain and simple here, Kelly.
He needs to play away from the hole.
And it's a pretty safe bet that he's
gonna have a longer birdie putt...
than Luke's 8-footer.
[KELLY]:
The ultimate test for T.K. Oh,
but I wouldn't put it past him.
He's done it before.
[BRANDEL]: Look at the way
he's sizing this up.
It almost looks like...
and he is, I think,
gonna go right at this hole.
This absolutely makes no sense to me.
If he doesn't hole this,
it's very likely that this ball's
gonna run off of the green.
[KELLY]: This would really
be something.
He's got to aim
right for the flagstick.
Anything short of perfect here,
he's looking at bogie at best.
That's if he's lucky enough
to avoid the water.
[BRANDEL]: The only way
to pull this shot off on that line...
is with a lot of speed, a lot of spin,
and he has to land it in an area
about as big as a dinner plate.
[KELLY]: And it looks good.
It's got a chance.
[crowd groans]
Didn't go in. Remarkable!
[BRANDEL]: He's unlucky, Kelly,
that that ball didn't go in,
but lucky
that it stayed on the green...
and gave him about
a 15-foot putt up the hill,
and maybe he can put
the pressure on Luke.
[KELLY]: And look at him.
He's not even fazed.
This is a makeable putt for T.K. Oh.
Is this where experience pays off?
[BRANDEL]: Generally speaking,
first-in in a playoff wins.
And if he makes this, I promise you,
that hole will look a lot smaller to Luke.
[KELLY]: How many times has T.K. Oh
been in this exact spot...
and emerged victorious?
It's that mental edge...
that makes him
the great player that he is.
- [CROWD]: Oh!
- [T.K.]: Ooh!
[KELLY]: He thought
he had that one.
[BRANDEL]: T.K. Oh's tee shot
left him with a lot of stress.
His second shot left him
with a lot of work.
And now it's Luke
who has the work to do,
and T.K. Oh no longer has control
of his own fate.
That control lies with Luke Chisolm.
[KELLY]: It was a great par
for T.K. Oh just to stay in it.
But now the door is open...
for Luke Chisolm
to win the Texas Open.
[BRANDEL]:
One can only imagine...
what's going on in the mind
of Luke Chisolm right now.
Two weeks ago his career was over,
and now he is one putt away
from taking the Texas Open...
and beating the best player in golf
in the process.
[no dialogue]
[JOHNNY]: Luke knew this putt
was meaningless...
in the big picture.
He was now answering
to a higher calling.
It was time to go to a place
beyond tradition,
to a place of buried lies...
and unearthed truths.
A revolution had begun within Luke's soul.
He had a purpose and a calling
that went beyond any scoreboard.
- What?
- It's kind of a putter.
[JOHNNY]: He saw, felt, trusted,
and stroked the putt of his life.
Utopia is defined as a place
of mythical perfection,
but I knew differently.
Utopia is indeed real.
It's a place where the voice
of truth resides...
and eternal trophies line the shelves.
A place where there are no accidents.
I guess you're asking yourselves
whether or not he made the putt.
The better question is,
does it really matter?
How can a game have such an effect
on a man's soul?
[song intro]
[WOMAN]:
¶ Feel your eyes ¶
¶ On me ¶
¶ Shine your light ¶
¶ I'll catch your fall ¶
¶ Struck a match, the rest is buried ¶
¶ Wishin' I could write this story ¶
¶ Like a star,
you float into the air ¶
¶ Feeling it all ¶
¶ As the wind blows ¶
¶ As the time goes ¶
¶ Do you feel my eyes
right there on you? ¶
¶ Morning light ¶
¶ Brings me ¶
¶ To your side ¶
¶ Skin heats ¶
¶ I breathe it all ¶
¶ On a train, the tracks are hazy ¶
¶ Through the fog our voices carry ¶
¶ Evening falls,
but you're in perfect view ¶
¶ Feeling it all ¶
¶ As the wind blows ¶
¶ As the time goes ¶
¶ Do you feel my eyes
right there on you? ¶
¶ Quiet all, live in silent days ¶
¶ Steady fall for you ¶
¶ Feeling it all as the wind blows ¶
¶ Feeling it all as the time goes ¶
¶ Do you feel my eyes
right there on you? ¶
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org